Updated documentation for Amplify Android Getting Started with REST A… (#3399)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/restapi/fragments/android/getting-started/30_initapi.md

        super.onCreate();

        try {

>             // Add these lines to add the AWSApiPlugin and Auth plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Add these lines to add the `AWSApiPlugin` and `AWSCognitoAuthPlugin`
```

            Amplify.addPlugin(new AWSApiPlugin());

>             Amplify.addPlugin(AWSCognitoAuthPlugin());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Amplify.addPlugin(new AWSCognitoAuthPlugin());
```

        super.onCreate()

        try {

>             // Add these lines to add the AWSApiPlugin and Auth plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Add these lines to add the `AWSApiPlugin` and `AWSCognitoAuthPlugin`
```

        super.onCreate();

        try {

>             // Add these lines to add the AWSApiPlugin and Auth plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Add these lines to add the `AWSApiPlugin` and `AWSCognitoAuthPlugin`
```

            RxAmplify.addPlugin(new AWSApiPlugin());

>             RxAmplify.addPlugin(AWSCognitoAuthPlugin());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            RxAmplify.addPlugin(new AWSCognitoAuthPlugin());
```
